names,nigeria,both
Abaeze	Branch of the kings	Boy	
Abayomrunkoje	God won't allow humiliation.	Boy	
Abebi	We asked for a girl child.	Girl	
Abegunde	One born during the holiday.	Boy	
Abeo	The bringer of happiness .	Boy	
Abidugun	One born before the war.	Boy	
Abiodun	One born at the time of festival.	Boy	
Achojah	Rise up to challenge	Boy	
Adaego	Daughter of wealth	Girl	
Adaeze	Princess, daughter of the king.	Girl	
Adaku	A girl born into wealthy family or the one who brings wealth to the family.	Girl	
Adankwo	One born on fourth day.	Girl	
Adaobi	The first daughter in the family compound.	Girl	
Adaolisa	God's daughter.	Girl	
Adaoma	A good and virtuous lady.	Girl	
Adaora	Daughter of all	Girl	
Adaugo	Beautiful daughter or daughter of an eagle.	Girl	
Adaure	Daughter of Uruala, a town in Imo State.	Girl	
Adebamgbe	A Nigerian term meaning royalty dwells within me.	Boy	
Adebiyi	The royal one.	Boy	
Adebowale	Return of the crown; refers to a child born after many years of waiting	Boy	
Adedayo	The crown has turned to joy.	Boy	
Adefolake	Your wealth supports us.	Girl	
Aderiyike	The pampered crown.	Girl	
Afamefuna	My name will not be lost.	Boy	
Agbarha	Born in Agbarha	Boy	
Ahunna	One with the body of her father.	Girl	
Ahwinahwi	A really black or dark individual	Boy	
Akachukwu	The hand of God.	Boy	
Akin	Yoruban - Brave, Heroic ; Hebrew - Man	Boy	
Akpenvwoghene	Praise God	Unisex	
Akpobome	My own life	Unisex	
Akpofure	Life is now peaceful	Boy	
Akporovwovwo	Good life in later years	Unisex	
Akuada	A girl born into a wealthy family.	Girl	
Akunna	Father's wealth.	Boy	
Amaechi	Who knows tomorrow?	Boy	
Amandi	Trust no one, one who doesn't trust anyone easily.	Boy	
Amobi	Who knows the heart of man?	Boy	
Anaborhi	The one who is born with good destiny	Unisex	
Anozie	We are now settled or well positioned.	Boy	
Anwilichukwu	God' s joy.	Girl	
Anwuli	Joy, a joyous and happy girl.	Girl	
Anwulichukwu	Joy of the lord.	Girl	
Anwulika	My joy is great or joy is greater.	Girl	
Apunanwu	A precious and beautiful girl untainted by the sun.	Girl	
Aretta	A charming and enchanting woman.	Girl	
Arinzechukwu	Thanks be to God.	Boy	
Aruegodore	We have come home	Boy	
Asaroyoma	Comfort zones	Girl	
Ataikiru	Talk or plan before taking action	Boy	
Avwunudiogba	Those who profess strength with mere talk	Unisex	
Azi	Youth	Boy	
Azubuike	Strength gained from experiences of the past.	Boy	
Bako	A Nigerian term meaning guest.	Boy	
Banjoko	Don't ever leave me.	Boy	
Binyelum	Stay with me.	Girl	
Bolanile	The wealth of this house.	Girl	
Bunkechukwu	The one who belongs to God.	Boy	
Chetachi	One who always remembers God.	Boy	
Chetachukwu	One who always remembers God.	Boy	
Chiagozie	God has blessed me.	Girl	
Chiasoka	God is too sweet.	Girl	
Chiazokam	God has saved me well.	Girl	
Chibarameze	God has made me a king.	Girl	
Chibinobim	God dwells in my heart.	Girl	
Chibuike	God is strength.	Boy	
Chibundo	God is my shelter	Girl	
Chibundu	God is life	Boy	
Chibunna	God is my father	Boy	
Chibuogu	God is my strength.	Girl	
Chibuzor	God first or God leads	Boy	
Chichima	A sweet and precious girl.	Girl	
Chidiadi	There is God	Boy	
Chidiebere	God is merciful	Boy	
Chidiebube	God is glorious and great.	Boy	
Chidozie	May God fix it and make it good for me.	Boy	
Chiekezie	God has made it good for me.	Boy	
Chiemeka	God has done well.	Boy	
Chiemelie	God has won.	Boy	
Chiemezie	God has made it good for me.	Boy	
Chikanma	God is better than any other thing.	Boy	
Chikezie	May God appease.	Boy	
Chimankpa	God know my wants.	Boy	
Chimaobi	God knows the heart.	Boy	
Chimezie	Let God do it.	Boy	
Chinaka	God decides or God schedules.	Boy	
Chinara	Received by God	Girl	
Chinecherem	God thinks and worries on my behalf.	Boy	
Chinechezirim	God thinks good of me.	Girl	
Chisimdi	God says I shall live.	Girl	
Chuk	The Supreme divine; the one beyond everything	Boy	
Chukwudumaga	God leads me.	Boy	
Chukwuemerie	God has won.	Boy	
Chukwuma	God knows, God knows better than anyone.	Boy	
Chuwudubem	Lead me, oh God.	Boy	
Daberechi	Lean on God, one who is dependent on God.	Girl	
Daluchi	Thank God.	Girl	
Daraja	One who is valuable and important to everyone.	Girl
Dayo	Arrival of joy	Unisex
Debare	One born during good times.	Boy	
Diarachukwundu	Live for God	Boy	
Durojaiye	One who waits for the joy of life.	Boy	
Ebhaleleme	A term meaning 'you won't follow my lead'.	Boy	
Ebhaleleme	A term meaning "you won't follow my lead"	Boy	
Ebubechukwu	The glory and greatness of God.	Boy	
Ebunoluwa	The God's gift	Girl	
Echezonanna	Don't forget your God and your father.	Boy	
Edaferierhi	The rich have good destiny	Boy	
Edafetanure	The wealthy have spoken	Boy	
Edemirukaye	The day I did them a favor	Boy	
Edewor	Sacred day of worship in traditional religion	Boy	
Edosio	Rainy day	Boy	
Efemena	Here is my wealth	Unisex	
Efemuaye	Those intoxicated with riches	Boy	
Efetobo	Wealth is achieved	Unisex	
Efetobore	Wealth has now been achieved	Boy	
Egbo	Forest	Boy	
Egharevba	One who is not bothered of enemies.	Boy	
Eghwrudjakpor	I have come to stay	Unisex	
Eguono	Love	Unisex	
Ejaife	Let them be rich	Boy	
Ejaita	Let them say	Unisex	
Ejikeme	It's not by power.	Boy	
Ejiroghene	Praise God	Unisex	
Ejokparoghene	Let's trust in God	Unisex	
Ejomafuvwe	Let peace reign in my life	Unisex	
Ejoyovwi	Let it be good	Unisex	
Ekemma	One who was born on Eke market day.	Girl	
Ekenedilichukwu	Thanks be to God	Boy	
Ekong	War or battle.	Boy	
Elochukwu	God's will	Boy	
Emarejedje	The elderly also run for life	Unisex	
Emenike	It's not by might or power.	Boy	
Emerho	A special type of catfish	Boy	
Emetemedia	I will always remain a lady	Girl	
Emeterhire	Girls have arrived	Girl	
Emetitiri	Mine is famous	Boy	
Emilohi	Only God is great.	Girl	
Emudiaga	Let's stand firmly	Boy	
Emuobosa	Your own thing is precious	Unisex	
Emuvoke	Everything has time	Unisex	
Enajemete	These are also girls	Girl	
Enakpodia	The way life should to be	Boy	
Enitekiru	Think before you act	Boy	
Enivwenaye	Compare my success with those of my enemies	Unisex	
Enofe	One who is rich.	Boy	
Enohor	Blessing	Girl	
Enyinnaya	His father's friend.	Boy	
Epkereamaka	One who finds prayer is good and wonderful.	Girl
Erhiaganoma	Guardian spirit overpowers the body	Boy	
Erhimeyoma	My guardian spirit (God) is good	Unisex	
Erhinyoja	God hears our prayers	Unisex	
Erhinyuse	God answers our prayers	Unisex	
Erhiroghene	The spirit of God	Unisex	
Erhue	A special breed of cow used for traditional ceremonies	Boy	
Erhuvwun	Beauty	Unisex	
Erukainure	We have helped them	Unisex	
Eseoghene	God's gift	Unisex	
Eserovwe	God's grace	Unisex	
Esomchi	Walking with the lord or one who follows God	Boy	
Etaidaferua	Words of the wealthy are more acceptable	Boy	
Etanomare	Freed from blame or despair	Boy	
Etaredafe	Words of the wealthy	Boy	
Ewelike	It's not by power	Boy	
Ezesinachi	The chief is from God.	Boy	
Ezeudo	King of peace.	Boy	
Eziamaka	One who believes that good things are obtained by going out.	Girl	
Ezichi	Good God!	Girl	
Ezinne	The good mother.	Girl	
Folade	The honor arrives.	Girl	
Folashade	Honor bestows a crown.	Girl	
Ganiru	Good luck	Boy	
Ginika	What can be greater than God?	Girl	
Ginikanwa	What is greater than a child?	Girl	
Golibe	Rejoice, a joyous fellow.	Boy	
Gosifechukwu	Show the light of God to all.	Boy	
Hanyechukwu	Leave it for God.	Boy	
Hassana	Twin Girl (Nigerian)	Girl	
Ibironke	The family will love this child.	Girl	
Idaramfon	Happiness is free.	Girl	
Idogbe	The second child born after twins.	Boy	
Ifeanyichukwu	God is most powerful or no one is greater than God.	Boy	
Ifechi	The light of God.	Boy	
Ifechiluru	What God has done.	Girl	
Ifechukwu	The light of God.	Girl	
Ifechukwude	What God has written.	Boy	
Ifedimma	Something good	Girl	
Ifekristi	The light of Christ.	Unisex	
Ifemyolunna	What I asked of the lord.	Boy	
Ifeoluwapo	God's love is plenty.	Girl	
Ifeyinwa	Nothing can be compared to a child.	Girl	
Ifunanya	Love	Girl	
Igberaharha	The poor take the blame	Boy	
Ighomuedafe	Money intoxicates the wealthy	Boy	
Ighovavwerhe	There is joy in riches	Boy	
Igitioluwotilaiye	The tree of God is rooted and strong.	Unisex	
Igwebuike	Strength in numbers.	Boy	
Iheanacho	Precious or what everyone seeks.	Boy	
Ihuoma	One who is favored.	Girl
Ihuomachukwu	God's favor.	Girl	
Ijeawele	A smooth journey.	Girl	
Ijemma	A good journey.	Girl	
Ijeoma	A good journey in life.	Girl	
Ikechukwu	The power of God.	Boy	
Ikemba	Strength of the nation.	Boy	
Ikponmwosa	Thank God, one who is thankful to God for everything.	Unisex	
Ileara	A healthy child.	Girl	
Ilozumba	Nigerian term meaning, our distant home is forgotten.	Boy	
Ilozumba	Nigerian term meaning, our distant home is forgotten.	Boy	
Imbiana	Title of a unity song in Nigeria.	Girl	
Inegbedion	Nigerian term meaning family supports me.	Boy	
Inegbedion	Nigerian term meaning family supports me.	Boy	
Iretomiwa	Blessing has come to me, a girl who has brought blessings to her family.	Girl	
Irikefe	First to become wealthy	Boy	
Isamotu Olalekan	Without God I'm destitute.	Boy	
Isinachi	One who is sent from God.	Boy	
Isioma	One who is fortunate and blessed.	Girl	
Isoken	One who is contented with her destiny.	Girl	
Iyawa	Ability or skill. A skillful woman.	Girl	
Jachike	Give praise to God or Hail God.	Boy	
Jaiyesimi	One who believes in enjoying the life.	Unisex	
Jayamma	Praise to the lord.	Boy	
Jideofor	Nigerian term meaning, you are justified.	Boy	
Jol	Great lover of art and culture	Girl	
Kachisicho	God's desire	Boy	
Kachiside	As God has written it or the will of God.	Boy	
Kaetochukwu	May God be praised.	Boy	
Kainyechukwuekene	Let's praise the Lord.	Boy	
Kairaluchukwu	Let's leave it to God.	Girl	
Kaisoluchukwu	Let's follow God.	Girl	
Kambili	Let me live or I shall live.	Boy	
Kamdilichukwu	Let me live for God.	Boy	
Kamfeechi	Let me worship God.	Boy	
Kamfeechukwu	Let's worship God or let me praise God	Girl	
Kamharida	I shall not fall.	Girl	
Kamsiyonna	God has granted my request.	Girl	
Kamtochukwu	Let me praise God.	Girl	
Kanayochukwu	Let's keep begging from the lord.	Boy	
Kanyinulia	Let's rejoice and have fun.	Girl	
Kaodinakachi	Leave your destiny to God.	Boy	
Karaluchukwu	Let's leave it for God.	Girl	
Kasarachukwu	Tell it to God, one who always confides in God.	Girl	
Kasiemobi	Comfort me or console me.	Girl	
Kelechi	Glorify God.	Boy	
Kentoroabasi	I am glorifying God.	Boy	
Kesandu	One who spreads life to all.	Girl	
Kosarachi	Tell it to God.	Girl	
Kristibueze	Christ is the king.	Boy	
Kufreabasi	Do not forget God, one who always remembers God.	Unisex	
Kwento	One who protects the family name from destruction	Unisex	
Lebechi	Look unto God.	Girl	
Lotachukwu	Remember God	Boy	
Lotachukwu	Remember your God.	Girl	
Lotanna	Remember the father or the God	Boy	
Machie	Replacement of a lost gem.	Unisex	
Maduenu	A term meaning The impermanence of life.	Unisex	
Maduenu	A term meaning The impermanence of life.	Unisex	
Maduka	People are worth more than riches.	Boy	
Makuachukwu	Embrace God.	Girl	
Mfoniso	Nigerian term, meaning good luck.	Boy	
Miriodere	I now have a name	Unisex	
Mitaire	I have achieved their match	Unisex	
Mkpulunma	A thing of beauty.	Girl	
Mmasichukwu	The will of God.	Girl	
Mobo	Freedom	Boy	
Modupeore	Thank you God for this gift.	Unisex	
Mofoluwakemi	Given for the Lord's blessing.	Girl	
Mongo	A famous man.	Boy	
Monjolaoluwa	Enjoying the wealth of God.	Unisex	
Morenikeji	This child resembles me.	Unisex	
Munachimso	One who always agrees with God.	Boy	
Nagodeallah	I thank God.	Unisex	
Naija	The one from the Niger river	Girl	
Nasha	In Nigerian it means born during the rainy season. In Persian it means Judge	Unisex	
Nchedochukwu	God's protection.	Boy	
Nchekwube	Trust in God.	Girl	
Ndidi	One who is patient.	Girl	
Ndulue	Nigerian term meaning hope this one makes it.	Boy	
Ndulue	Nigerian term meaning hope this one makes it.	Boy	
Ngozichukwuka	God's blessings are best.	Girl	
Niyilolawa	The wealth is here.	Unisex	
Nneka	My mother is the best in the world.	Girl	
Nnenne	Resembles mother's mother.	Girl	
Norioghene	Look at God's judgment	Unisex	
Nwabueze	Child is the king	Boy	
Oba	The king	Boy	
Obasi	A Sikh that means a person who is very attractive or very charming.	Boy	
Obiageli	One who is born into wealth.	Girl	
Obiajulu	My heart is at peace.	Boy	
Obiefune	Nigerian word meaning do not lose hope.	Boy	
Obiefune	Nigerian word meaning do not lose hope.	Boy	
Obinna	Combination of Sanskrit words "Moh" and "Under" that means the charm of a King.	Boy	
Obioma	The Charm of a King that wins over the hearts of others, One who can win with his charm.	Girl	
Oboganriemu	Be strong to survive	Boy	
Ochuko	Hindu name of deity Lord Krishna.	Boy	
Odafe	Rich individual	Boy	
Odavwaro	I am contented	Unisex	
Ogbamremu	The brave meets a lot of challenges	Boy	
Ogechukwukana	The time spent worshiping God is the best.	Unisex
Oghenebrume	God decided in my favor	Unisex	
Oghenechovwe	God aided me	Unisex	
Oghenefejiro	God is praiseworthy	Unisex	
Oghenegaren	God is great	Unisex	
Oghenekevwe	God gave me	Unisex	
Ogheneme	My God	Unisex	
Oghenemine	I look up to God	Unisex	
Oghenerukevwe	God did this for me	Unisex	
Ogheneruno	God has done so much	Unisex	
Oghenetega	God is worship worthy	Unisex	
Oghenochuko	God provides my support	Unisex	
Oghomena	Here is my respect	Unisex	
Oghonoro	Respect is greater than money	Unisex	
Ogoro	Frog	Boy	
Ohwahwa	Cold season	Boy	
Ohwofasa	A person's status should be defined by his achievement	Boy	
Ohwonigho	A person is greater than riches	Boy	
Ojakorotu	This is a group challenge	Boy	
Ojanomare	I have met the challenge	Unisex	
Okagbare	I have all styles and skills	Boy	
Okoro	Man	Boy	
Okpara	One who is born in Okpara	Boy	
Okpogoro	A big toad	Boy	
Oladele	Persons of success, pupil of triumph.	Unisex	
Olayemi	One who is worthy of wealth.	Unisex	
Olorunyomi	God has saved me	Unisex	
Oluchi	The work of god.	Girl	
Oluebube	Miracle.	Girl	
Olumoroti	I stand with God	Unisex	
Olusola	God has blessed me	Unisex	
Oluwabusola	God adds to my wealth.	Girl	
Oluwadunmininu	God has gladden my heart.	Unisex	
Oluwafunbi	God gave this to me.	Girl	
Oluwagbenga	God has lifted me up.	Unisex	
Oluwatoke	God is worthy to be adored.	Unisex	
Ometeko	Girl born in Lagos	Girl	
Omolade	Child of the crown.	Girl	
Omonigho	Child is greater than money	Unisex	
Omonoro	Child is greater than gold	Unisex	
Omorinsola	The child who walks into wealth.	Girl	
Omotejohwo	A girl is also a human being	Girl	
Omotekoro	A girl is like gold	Girl	
Omotore	Girl's birth brings festivity	Girl	
Omotughele	Girl from Ughelli	Girl	
Omotukane	Girl born in diaspora	Girl	
Onajite	This is sufficient	Unisex	
Onanojah	This is a challenge	Boy	
Onochie	The one who can replace the status of father.	Boy	
Onogaganmue	One who is intoxicated with power	Boy	
Onoharhese	Who blames good deeds?	Unisex
Onoharhigho	Who blames riches?	Boy	
Orisa	An angelic manifestation.	Girl	
Orodena	The great one	Boy	
Osarogie	God is the king.	Girl	
Ovie	King	Boy	
Oviereya	Queen	Girl	
Oyibonanarhoro	A white skinned individual	Boy	
Oyiborhoro	He who is fair or white skinned	Boy	
Oyiborode	A big and fair person	Boy	
Oyinlola	Nigerian term, meaning wealth is sweet.	Girl	
Oyovwikerhi	May my guardian spirit be blessed	Unisex	
Rayowa	Life	Girl	
Sade	Honor bestowes the crown	Girl	
Sapele	A boy who is born in Sapele	Boy	
Somtochukwu	Praise God with me.	Girl	
Tambara	A girl who is at ease.	Girl	
Tayo	Boy full of happiness	Boy	
Tejumola	One who looks forward to better days.	Unisex	
Temidire	Mine has turned to blessings.	Unisex	
Timilehin	God is with you.	Girl	
Tujuka	Cheerful	Girl	
Udumebraye	My presence gives them heartache	Boy	
Udumelue	Crowned with honor and pride	Girl	
Ugoulo	Pride of a home.	Girl	
Uhwokori	The one who is born in Uhwokori	Boy	
Uloaku	Nigerian term for bank or house of wealth.	Girl	
Uloho	Iroko tree	Boy	
Umukoko	Young woman	Girl	
Umukoro	Young man	Boy	
Umuto	Woman	Girl	
Urhie	River	Boy	
Uvo	Dry or sunny season	Boy	
Uzoma	One born during a journey	Boy	
Yejide	One who looks like her mother.	Girl	
Yoruba	Peace	Girl	
Zauna	To be alive	Girl	
Zikoranachidinma	Show the world that Lord is good.	Girl	
Zinachidinma	Show that the Lord is good.	Girl	
Zoputan	The protector	Girl
	





